c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\Smarthouse.exe
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\Smarthouse.pdb
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse.g.resources
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse.exe
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse.pdb
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Window1.baml
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Window1.g.cs
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Window2.baml
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Window2.g.cs
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Window3.baml
c:\users\lorenzo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Window3.g.cs
C:\Users\LORENZO\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\LORENZO\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\LORENZO\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\x64\SQLite.Interop.dll
C:\Users\LORENZO\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\x86\SQLite.Interop.dll
C:\Users\LORENZO\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\Smarthouse.exe.config
C:\Users\LORENZO\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\LORENZO\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\LORENZO\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\LORENZO\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\LORENZO\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\LORENZO\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\LORENZO\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\LORENZO\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Smarthouse\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\Smarthouse.exe.config
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse.exe
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse.pdb
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Window1.baml
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Window2.baml
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Window3.baml
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Window1.g.cs
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Window2.g.cs
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Window3.g.cs
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse_Content.g.cs
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse.g.resources
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\Smarthouse.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\x64\SQLite.Interop.dll
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\x86\SQLite.Interop.dll
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\Smarthouse.exe
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\Smarthouse.pdb
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\UserControl1.baml
E:\Smarthouse_afa\Smarthouse\obj\x86\Debug\UserControl1.g.cs
